Add module installation steps to Quick Install (#17715)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/08-install-uninstall-upgrade-kyma-module.md

---
title: Install, uninstall and upgrade a Kyma module
---

The Kyma project is currently in the transition phase from classic to modular Kyma. Learn how to install, uninstall and upgrade a Kyma module. To see the list of all Kyma modules, go to [Overview](/docs/01-overview/README.md).

## Install a Kyma module

To install a module, deploy its module manager and apply the module configuration. See the available Kyma modules with quick installation steps and links to their GitHub repositories.

> ### Keda

Author: @kwiatekus Hi Krzysiu, could you confirm if the commands will work for the Keda module or should I change anything?

```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-manager.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl create ns kyma-system
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-manager.yaml
```

> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-default-cr.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-default-cr.yaml -n kyma-system
```

```

For more details see, [`keda-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager) repository in GitHub.

### BTP Operator

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btp-operator.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btpoperator-default-cr.yaml

> ```

Author: @PK85, @pbochynski Should I use those above or:
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/rendered.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/main/config/samples/operator_v1alpha1_btpoperator.yaml
```
?

Reviewer 2: For now yes, we will adjust that later to have both things under release

Author: Updated

Reviewer 2: @mmitoraj 
Final version:
```
https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btp-manager.yaml
https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btp-operator-default-cr.yaml
```

Reviewer 2: Please see: https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/blob/074d3e1d8389bb80be2f78b09eb5c253c1d37bf1/README.md#installation

Step 3 explains that it will be in the warning state and what to do to make it running.

---
title: Install, uninstall and upgrade a Kyma module
---

The Kyma project is currently in the transition phase from classic to modular Kyma. Learn how to install, uninstall and upgrade a Kyma module. To see the list of all Kyma modules, go to [Overview](/docs/01-overview/README.md).

## Install a Kyma module

> To install a module, deploy its module manager and apply the module configuration. See the available Kyma modules with quick installation steps and links to their GitHub repositories.

Author: The first paragraph mentions all modules and this one talks only about the available / already available (released?) ones. I've changed that a little bit, PTAL.

### Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- Kubernetes cluster, or [k3d](https://k3d.io) for local installation

### Steps

#### Keda

```bash
kubectl create ns kyma-system
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-manager.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/releases/latest/download/keda-default-cr.yaml -n kyma-system
```

For more details see, the [`keda-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager) repository in GitHub.

#### BTP Operator

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btp-manager.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/releases/latest/download/btp-operator-default-cr.yaml
```

> > **CAUTION:** The CR is in `WarningState` and the message is `Secret resource not found reason: MissingSecret`. To create a Secret, follow the instructions in the [`btp-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager) repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** The CR is in the `Warning` state and the message is `Secret resource not found reason: MissingSecret`. To create a Secret, follow the instructions in the [`btp-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager) repository.
```

## Uninstall a Kyma module

> To uninstall a Kyma module, use the `kubectl delete` command. First, delete the module configuration, and then the module manager. Use the paths from the [Install a Kyma module](#install-a-kyma-module) section. Run:

Reviewer 4: The end-backticks mess up the formatting as suggestion  -__-

```suggestion

You uninstall a Kyma module with kubectl: 

1. Find out the paths for the module you want to uninstall; for example, from the [Install a Kyma module](#install-a-kyma-module) section.  
2. Delete the module configuration
   ```bash
   kubectl delete {PATH_TO_THE_MODULE_CUSTOM_RESOURCE}
   ```
3. To avoid leaving some resources behind, wait for the module custom resource deletion to be complete.
4. Delete the module manager:
   ```bash
   kubectl delete {PATH_TO_THE_MODULE_MANAGER_YAML_FILE}
   ```
```

...and delete the following lines.
